---
subcategory: "CLS"
layout: "tencentcloud"
page_title: "TencentCloud: tencentcloud_cls_machine_group"
sidebar_current: "docs-tencentcloud-resource-cls_machine_group"
description: |-
  Provides a resource to create a cls machine group.
---

# tencentcloud_cls_machine_group

Provides a resource to create a cls machine group.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "tencentcloud_cls_machine_group" "group" {
  group_name      = "group"
  service_logging = true
  tags = {
    "test" = "test1"
  }
  update_end_time   = "19:05:40"
  update_start_time = "17:05:40"

  machine_group_type {
    type = "ip"
    values = [
      "192.168.1.1",
      "192.168.1.2",
    ]
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `group_name` - (Required, String) Machine group name, which must be unique.
* `machine_group_type` - (Required, List) Type of the machine group to be created.
* `auto_update` - (Optional, Bool, ForceNew) Whether to enable automatic update for the machine group.
* `service_logging` - (Optional, Bool) Whether to enable the service log to record the logs generated by the LogListener service itself. After it is enabled, the internal logset cls_service_logging and the loglistener_status, loglistener_alarm, and loglistener_business log topics will be created, which will not incur fees.
* `tags` - (Optional, Map) Tag description list. Up to 10 tag key-value pairs are supported and must be unique.
* `update_end_time` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Update end time. We recommend you update LogListener during off-peak hours.
* `update_start_time` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) pdate start time. We recommend you update LogListener during off-peak hours.

The `machine_group_type` object supports the following:

* `type` - (Required, String) Machine group type. Valid values: ip: the IP addresses of collection machines are stored in Values of the machine group; label: the tags of the machines are stored in Values of the machine group.
* `values` - (Required, List) Machine description list.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - ID of the resource.



## Import

cls machine group can be imported using the id, e.g.

```
$ terraform import tencentcloud_cls_machine_group.group caf168e7-32cd-4ac6-bf89-1950a760e09c
```

