---
subcategory: "Cloud Firewall(CFW)"
layout: "tencentcloud"
page_title: "TencentCloud: tencentcloud_sg_rule"
sidebar_current: "docs-tencentcloud-resource-sg_rule"
description: |-
  Provides a resource to create a cfw sg_rule
---

# tencentcloud_sg_rule

Provides a resource to create a cfw sg_rule

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "tencentcloud_sg_rule" "sg_rule" {
  data = {
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `data` - (Required, List) Creates rule data.
* `client_token` - (Optional, String) An identifier to ensure the idempotency of the request. The value of the ClientToken parameter is a unique string that is generated by your client and can contain up to 64 ASCII characters in length.
* `is_delay` - (Optional, Int) Indicates whether to delay publishing. 1: delay; other values: do not delay.
* `type` - (Optional, Int) Adding type. 0: add to the end; 1: add to the front; 2: insert. Default: 0.

The `data` object supports the following:

* `description` - (Required, String) Description.
* `dest_content` - (Required, String) Destination example: `net`: IP/CIDR (192.168.0.2); `template`: parameter template (ipm-dyodhpby); `instance`: asset instance (ins-123456); `resourcegroup`: asset group (/all groups/group 1/subgroup 1); `tag`: resource tag ({"Key":"tag key","Value":"tag value"}); `region`: region (ap-gaungzhou).
* `dest_type` - (Required, String) Access destination type. Valid values: net|template|instance|resourcegroup|tag|region.
* `order_index` - (Required, String) Rule priority. -1: lowest; 1: highest.
* `rule_action` - (Required, String) The action that Cloud Firewall performs on the traffic. Valid values: `accept`: allow, `drop`: deny.
* `source_content` - (Required, String) Source example: `net`: IP/CIDR (192.168.0.2); `template`: parameter template (ipm-dyodhpby); `instance`: asset instance (ins-123456); `resourcegroup`: asset group (/all groups/group 1/subgroup 1); `tag`: resource tag ({"Key":"tag key","Value":"tag value"}); `region`: region (ap-gaungzhou).
* `source_type` - (Required, String) Access source type. Valid values: net|template|instance|resourcegroup|tag|region.
* `enable` - (Optional, String) Rule status. true: enabled; false: disabled.
* `id` - (Optional, String) The unique ID of the rule.
* `port` - (Optional, String) The port to apply access control rules. Valid values: `-1/-1`: all ports, `80`: port 80.
* `protocol` - (Optional, String) Protocol. TCP/UDP/ICMP/ANY.
* `service_template_id` - (Optional, String) Parameter template ID of port and protocol type; mutually exclusive with Protocol and Port.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - ID of the resource.



## Import

cfw sg_rule can be imported using the id, e.g.

```
terraform import tencentcloud_sg_rule.sg_rule sg_rule_id
```

