---
subcategory: "Wedata"
layout: "tencentcloud"
page_title: "TencentCloud: tencentcloud_wedata_data_backfill_plan"
sidebar_current: "docs-tencentcloud-resource-wedata_data_backfill_plan"
description: |-
  Provides a resource to create a WeData data backfill plan
---

# tencentcloud_wedata_data_backfill_plan

Provides a resource to create a WeData data backfill plan

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "tencentcloud_wedata_data_backfill_plan" "example" {
  project_id = "2430455587205529600"
  task_ids = [
    "20250625105147756"
  ]

  data_backfill_range_list {
    start_date           = "2026-01-14"
    end_date             = "2026-01-14"
    execution_start_time = "00:01"
    execution_end_time   = "23:59"
  }

  time_zone                         = "UTC+8"
  data_backfill_plan_name           = "tf-example"
  check_parent_type                 = "NONE"
  skip_event_listening              = true
  redefine_self_workflow_dependency = "no"
  redefine_parallel_num             = 2
  data_time_order                   = "NORMAL"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `data_backfill_range_list` - (Required, List, ForceNew) Specifies the data time configuration for the backfill task.
* `project_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Project ID.
* `task_ids` - (Required, Set: [`String`], ForceNew) Backfill task collection.
* `check_parent_type` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Check parent task type. valid values: NONE (do not check ALL), ALL (check ALL upstream parent tasks), MAKE_SCOPE (only check in the currently selected tasks of the backfill plan). default: NONE (do not check).
* `data_backfill_plan_name` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Backfill plan name. if left empty, a string of characters is randomly generated by system.
* `data_time_order` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Backfill Execution Order - The execution order for backfill instances based on their data time. Effective only when both conditions are met:

1. Must be the same cycle task.

2. Priority is given to dependency order. If no dependencies apply, execution follows the configured order.

Valid values:

-NORMAL: No specific order (default)

-ORDER: Execute in chronological order

-REVERSE: Execute in reverse chronological order.
* `integration_resource_group_id` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Integration task resource group id. indicates usage of the original task scheduling execution resource group if empty.
* `redefine_cycle_type` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Backfill Instance Regeneration Cycle - If set, this will redefine the generation cycle of backfill task instances. Currently, only daily instances can be converted into instances generated on the first day of each month.

Valid value:

MONTH_CYCLE: Monthly.
* `redefine_parallel_num` - (Optional, Int, ForceNew) Customizes the degree of concurrency for instance running. if without configuring, use the existing self-dependent of the task.
* `redefine_param_list` - (Optional, List, ForceNew) Custom parameter. re-specifies the task's parameters to facilitate the execution of new logic by replenished instances.
* `redefine_self_workflow_dependency` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Custom workflow self-dependency. valid values: yes or no. if not configured, use the original workflow self-dependency.
* `scheduler_resource_group_id` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Scheduling resource group id. if left empty, indicates usage of the original task scheduling execution resource group.
* `skip_event_listening` - (Optional, Bool, ForceNew) Specifies whether to ignore event dependency for backfill. default true.
* `time_zone` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Time zone, default UTC+8.

The `data_backfill_range_list` object supports the following:

* `end_date` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) End date in the format yyyy-MM-dd, indicates ending at 23:59:59 of the specified date.
* `execution_end_time` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) End time point between [StartDate, EndDate] in HH:mm format. effective for tasks with a period of hours or less.
* `execution_start_time` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Start time of each day between [StartDate, EndDate] in HH:mm format. effective for tasks with a period of hours or less.
* `start_date` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Start date in yyyy-MM-dd format. indicates the start from 00:00:00 on the specified date.

The `redefine_param_list` object supports the following:

* `k` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Key name.
* `v` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) The value. do not pass SQL (the request will be deemed as an attack on the api). if needed, transcode the SQL with Base64 and decode it.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - ID of the resource.
* `data_backfill_plan_id` - Data backfill plan ID.


## Import

WeData data backfill plan can be imported using the projectId#dataBackfillPlanId, e.g.

```
terraform import tencentcloud_wedata_data_backfill_plan.example 2430455587205529600#de336ae4-372b-44e5-8659-7027cfb46916
```

